The Codex Alimentarius is a plan to poison us all. 
Global warming is a hoax created by the UN and politically funded scientists/environmentalists, aided by Al Gore and many others to put cap and trade in place for monetary gain. See also: Climategate. 
All scientists are trying to foist the false theory of evolution on the public at the behest of Satan. 
There is a deliberate conspiracy on the part of the government and nuclear industry to intentionally poison the public with radioactive food.
The World Health Organization (WHO) is part of a conspiracy and cover-up of the effects of Chernobyl.
There is a cover-up which has obscured knowledge of a childhood cancer level 10 times the United Kingdom's average along the North Wales coast.
All scientists and politicians are trying to cover up: cold fusion, AIDS is not caused by HIV infection, and mercury in the vaccines is causing autism.
The United States is hiding UFO wreckage at Area 51. 
The UFO wreckage theory is used as a smokescreen by the government to cover up the fact that Area 51 is a testing ground for experimental aircraft. 
The "cure" for cancer actually exists but is being suppressed by the government. 
9/11 was staged by the US Government. 
JFK jet fuel and other maladroit "terrorism" attempts are conspiracies. 
The Pentagon was not hit by an aircraft on 9/11, but a US missile. 
The 2009 swine flu outbreak is a terrorist attack.
Osama bin Laden is not dead / has been dead for long / is an invention of the American government.
The CIA blew up/shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (No one outside of Russia takes this seriously).
The CIA captured Malaysia Airlines flight 370 and flew it to Diego Garcia, for the purpose of er, something or other.
The Islamic Caliphate created the 2014 Ebola epidemic in West Africa, and plan to weaponize the virus (e.g. by exploding an Ebola victim in Times Square.)
The Nazis themselves set the Reichstag Fire.
The Nazis/Islamofascists are in the center of the moon plotting to kill puppies.
The Republicans used legal chicanery and fraud to win the 2000 U.S. Presidential Election.
That a group of "community organizers" called ACORN stuffed the ballot boxes for Obama in 2008.
Hitler did not commit suicide in 1945, and escaped to South America, where he lived until 1990, before committing suicide at the age of 101.
The CIA experimented on individuals with LSD without the subjects knowledge in a project known as Project MKULTRA. (This one's true, BTW.)
JFK was not killed by Lee Harvey Oswald, acting alone.
Malcolm X was killed by government agents. (Not technically true, although the FBI had infiltrated the Nation of Islam).
Mark Twain was the mastermind of the assassination of William McKinley.
Roosevelt intentionally goaded Japan into war pursuant to a strategy outlined in the McCollum Memo.
Roosevelt knew about the Pearl Harbor attack in advance, and let it happen.
The UK allowed the RMS Lusitania to be sunk by Germany in order to bring the US into World War I.
Bush et al. knew about the 9/11 attacks in advance. And let them happen.
Vice President Andrew Johnson was behind Abraham Lincoln's assassination, a theory that ignores the fact that Johnson was on the hit list as well.
The United Nations is a conspiracy by Them to eliminate and invade sovereign nations with 'peacekeeper' troops to create a World Government/New World Order.
The United Nations is secretly bringing white UN military vehicles into the USA to overthrow the Government.
Thousands of Chinese troops are massing on the Mexican border to invade the USA.
ISIS was created by the US and Israel in order for both countries to overthrow the Assad government of Syria.
Donald Trump's run for POTUS is a ploy to help Hillary Clinton get elected... and failed?
Oil companies are deliberately suppressing better car technology.
Shortly before 9/11, many individuals or institutions with prior knowledge shorted airline stocks and made a fortune.
British sweet names differed from US candy names in order to trick American tourists into buying the wrong thing.
The corporations are secretly but deliberately planning to kill us all.
The Second Bush Iraq War is really about getting oil for China so that the Chinese can ship cheap goods to Wal-Mart.
The 2008 housing crisis was caused by the 1986 Community Reinvestment Act.